originally discipline was born under the name of art of displacement it is
also many more movements of course and sometimes what we say
the practice brings together about twenty years by a group of families who
are all trades lines stood at ivry-sur-seine she knew
to evolve through different physical games thesis of strong competition
generic she is practice girl
compared to nature compared to the movie star
act
and when traveling
it's for others
it's the culture of the impossible
that is to say, the surpassing of oneself
she could not stand
with two decades of experience the founders have taken steps
necessary to recognize their displacement as a discipline
military
majestic force in France and by cogeneration of england were
partners to create the first and only certification program for
become a practicing instructor
designed and developed by these two major teams involved in the
pedagogical field the program is entitled adapt during the displacement a
who you are
it offers a range of certified internship for all those who by the
world would like to teach discipline kennel skills etc
Stalinist methods of training sit-in pastels
but food outlets but I'm also very happy
during this new rule of the goals of his heritage and especially political
if all equipment items tle local tax
this is a sign that all forms of culture of
of endings of weeks values ​​that we
in which we have always believed whether artistic activity
it allows people to show their share of
creativity
he acquires the basics and after they express in their own way
adapt my sleep I am to convey specific methods
discipline training but also the spirit and values
essential of their displacement that made it so popular
training is vigorously restored to ensure that
each structure corresponds to the level of competence and excellence for
to represent there begins with displacements
He is not there
certainly the standard
profit its very technical and professional qualities
intended to be published
the politics this holiday
the exception archers
shahar peer if it's for me the key to success if you're not doing anything since
larry brown
his debt elie hoarau is there
ps little wool and futures and it's a staged race of this course the
children explains she is attacking with regard to this one you were spectral
troy
so you have and marseille sign for me here civil
when traveling the course
we quickly spread all over the world and demand solutions
pedagogies of growing wine
the quality of the adapted program responds to this demand by transmitting
the spirit and values ​​that have seduced so many people dosage
suitable gold will be anyone who wants it a secure learning that the
responsible for discipline